OSDOCS-16939: DITA abstracts — OLM understanding topics (#115281)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-operatorgroups-copied-csvs.adoc

[id="olm-operatorgroups-copied-csvs_{context}"]
= Copied CSVs

[role="_abstract"]

> Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) creates copied cluster service versions (CSVs) in each target namespace of an Operator group to show which Operators watch resources there. Copied CSVs mirror the source CSV status and are removed when the source or target relationship ends.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) creates copies of all active member CSVs of an Operator group in each of the target namespaces of that Operator group. The purpose of a copied CSV is to tell users of a target namespace that a specific Operator is configured to watch resources created there.
```
